is
with institutions
of movement to take television out
José Miguel Viñuela was created through
social networks singular initiative
best community shared that
seeks to gather a million signatures with the
goal of leaving the screen without
national television animator of chile
I believe that people are on television
or in your own ai who is always
evaluating there is someone who is always
looking at it now after he is nice
fun and that
they are enjoying it that wolves in
Careful but other things you have
real effects
that there are people who do not seem not to me
I would campaign against it
would lift that heavy Internet
good is nice twitter makes the
people do not confirm because in the end the
people have to listen to it
it may seem neither good nor bad is like
if we saw signatures of each one I do not know
how many would each one
I believe that television needs a
replacement is very drastic to get someone out
of television and it seems strong to me
an unnecessary bad band
listen the jose quizanda has touched
well the sweet part that has generally
there was in his career
the cybernetic group that claims
take TVn's face off TVn
has posters against the animator
and even a pretty official statement
striking we create self-determination
of the peoples and the democratic order and
institutionally in line with the
international law that's why we say
just viñuelas
I feel surprised with what you
are you counting I had no idea that existed
this movement when terrible pathetic
I think it does not correspond so that very
bad wave I had no idea of ​​existed
this
I do not think that all the
Negative things looks better to look for
someone that if they want to get him to look
someone to replace him but does
a campaign to get someone out not
I am totally I am a fan of my novel
of the coupe s chat the cyber world
nobody gives the face then it's like
pick up days ask him to demand someone
without messing about this movement
social that the vineyard wants to
tradition put together a million signatures
like a joke that you think
campaign led by ignacio gag more
known in the cybernetic environment as
the white fuck who tells us how
why this particular is born
initiative against the tvn animator
good this movement a feeling a
feeling of many citizens to
through the page must be shared
dotcom we made
we wanted to collect one million signatures
take out this driver
so we 're hiding the signature on a
feeling is difficult to explain
when things have to do with that
with things that are from the most
deep in our hearts
movement that even has a song
of the campaign interpreted by the singular
national rapper pay attention and listen
and someday this is going in car play from
now only
je
I believe that citizenship is
in this position because today
the faces and figures have to
committing to something is not necessary
so much and the channel is having a bad time and
I think I do not like listening
total rejection of the internet
I hear that it is very hard, I think that each
one has to have his space his
space on television
remember that this is not the first time
that josé miguel viñuela his object of
ridicule and criticism through
cyberspace a while ago
some creatives of the network pointed out
that the view of the animator caused
cancer although it was used to
torture the prisoners in Guantánamo
and you hit the hour
I have
if laughter and not the one plus that has
a lot of empathy from a lot of desire to
listen to it
télam always see I see him queen in the
yellow
Without a doubt, particular movement
to remove from screen josé miguel
viñuela that clearly must be taken
with humor to finish you so that
say nothing do not come with tricks
I prefer that I get smallpox before
see again to hurt today grandfather leave
this animator on the floor Juan Pablo
queraltó citizens are already fed up
like not seeing a more apt animator tupac
appears in the very first a third act
so now it will be that standard or